Sen6x (#5801)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/sensor/sen6x.md

      history in hours. Past events will be forgotten after about twice the learning time.
      Allowed values are in range 1..1000. The default value is 12 hour
    - **learning_time_gain_hours** (*Optional*): Time constant to estimate the VOC algorithm gain from the history
      in hours. Past events will be forgotten after about twice the learning time.
      Allowed values are in range 1..1000. The default value is 12 hours.
    - **gating_max_duration_minutes** (*Optional*): Maximum duration of gating in minutes (freeze of estimator
      during high VOC index signal). Zero disables the gating. Allowed values are in range 0..3000.
      The default value is 180 minutes
    - **std_initial** (*Optional*): Initial estimate for standard deviation. Lower value boosts events during
      initial learning period, but may result in larger device-to-device variations.
      Allowed values are in range 10..5000. The default value is 50.
    - **gain_factor** (*Optional*): Gain factor to amplify or to attenuate the VOC index output.
      Allowed values are in range 1..1000. The default value is 230.

  - All other options from [Sensor](/components/sensor).

> - **nox** (*Optional*): NOx Index. Note: Only available with Sen55. The sensor will be ignored on unsupported models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **nox** (*Optional*): NOx Index. Note: Only available with Sen65, Sen66, Sen66 or Sen69C. The sensor will be ignored on unsupported models.
```
